Add issue templates (#195)
qfall/math: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Thank you for filing a feature request! Please provide a short summary of the new
you need along with any information that might be required to understand the request.

> If you feel like any of the provided sections are not needed, 
> feel free to delete the corresponding section and leave it unfilled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel like any of the provided sections are not needed or should be extended, 
feel free to adapt this form.
```

-->

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**
<!-- Briefly describe the (new) feature, you would like to see implemented in this crate/ library. -->

```

> **What is your motivation. Please describe!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Motivation**
<!-- Why should this feature be implemented? Which new opportunities does it yield? Which (research) areas/ fields would be benefit from this feature? -->
```

> **Describe the solution you'd like**
> <!-- A clear and concise description of what functionality we are missing to provide and how you want it to be provided. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Best available solution**
<!-- 
A clear and concise description of how you expect this feature to be provided in the best possible case. 
Think about how you want to use the new feature in your code, i.e. the API. Probably provide an example:
-->
```rust
// write your API call to the new feature here
```
```

> **Describe alternatives you've considered**
> <!-- A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered (and possibly why they do not suffice) -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't know if we should ask for alternatives at this point. It will probably never be used and if one wants to have a feature implemented and problems occur, there will mostly be a discussion about it anyway.
